>> This is "Nuevo".
In this investigation, we
have presented the evidence
of what we consider the
most significant event that
has occurred related to the
presence of intelligent beings
on Earth that come from
other places in the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo",
with Jaime Maussan.
>> A large object that was
hovering above the Pentagon
for an hour in the early morning
on the 19th of December 2018.
I noted it was similar to the
one that was observed on video
recorded above the Kremlin
the 9 of December 2009.
The object was approximately
200 meters in size,
flying 200 meters in height.
The meaning and the
significance of this event
is unprecedented in history.
>> At dawn, on
December 9th in Russia,
while a giant object
hovered above the Kremlin,
a little over 1,200 kilometers
away a submarine fired a Bulava
missile from the White Sea.
This was reported by the
Russia Today Network.
>> Spectacular and a mysterious
phenomenon brightening
the Norwegian sky sends
the country into a frenzy
of speculation.
>> We have a lot of
media contacting us.
And we have tried to
investigate it during the day.
And for the time being,
we are not sure still
about what this object is.
And the information that
we do have on the object
is restricted information.
>> Barring an alien invasion or
some dynamic celestial event,
scientists began their search
for an explanation a bit closer
to home.
>> It looks very much like a
rocket that has started to cone
in a sense.
It means like it rotates in
a zigzagging manner, such
that it can make nice file
of the light and the gases
that come out.
>> On Wednesday, a Bulava
ballistic missile was test
fired from a nuclear
submarine in the White Sea.
But telemetry showed everything
went well in the first two
stages of the flight.
However, an engine problem
developed in the third stage.
An inquiry has begun into
the case of the misfire.
>> It is likely that Russia
did Indeed inform the Norwegian
government about the test.
And though the cause
of the spiraling
light in the Nordic
sky is now known,
it does not make the images
any less spectacular.
>> According to a statement, the
missile failed for an unknown
reason and generated the
so-called Norway spiral,
a spiral figure in the sky that
ended up generating an empty
black space.
An event that was observed by
thousands of people in Norway,
especially in Tromso,
facing the Atlantic Ocean.
Never before had something
like this been seen.
Because a failure
of this missile
is simultaneous to the presence
of the large tetrahedron shaped
object above the Kremlin,
it could be a warning,
especially since Bulava type
missiles represent of Russia's
most advanced strategic weapon.
Bulava rockets can fly up
to 9,000 kilometers away,
carry six nuclear
warheads, and are
armed with computers
that allow them
to launch decoys to avoid being
intercepted by defense systems.
This is one of the most
important projects.
On November 8,
2010, another event
occurred that, until today,
has no real explanation.
Today, it is remembered as the
mystery missile in the United
States.
That day, a cameraman from
the CBS network, Gil Leyvas,
captured images of what clearly
looked like a missile ascending
into space off the California
coast, according to analysis,
very close to Catalina Island
off the Los Angeles coast.
>> The video of what looks for
all the world like the contrail
of a missile was shot Monday
evening by KCBS cameraman Gil
Leyvas from a news
helicopter over Los Angeles.
>> I saw a big plume
coming up rising from,
it looked like
beyond the horizon.
And it continued to grow.
>> He zoomed in and stayed
on it for about 10 minutes.
To him, it looked like
an incoming missile.
It was unique.
It was moving.
It was growing in the sky.
>> The Pentagon spends billions
of dollars a year making sure
it is never surprised
by a missile launch.
So finding out what the camera
saw became a top priority.
Both Navy and Air Force
insisted they had not
launched any missiles.
And the North American
Air Defense Command,
which is supposed to
track incoming missiles
declared it had not been
fired by any other military.
But nobody could
say what it was.
>> Nobody's willing to
make a definitive statement
because they just don't have
the data to prove it was
an airplane.
They have the data
to demonstrate
that it was not a missile, but
they can't prove what it was.
>> On the other side, Fox
network presented the following
report.
>> The Pentagon still does not
know that there was a missile
launch.
Can't confirm it.
If there was one, they
don't know who did it,
or how it happened.
So they're making calls now.
The Navy's still checking.
NORAD and NORTHCOM are
still checking to find out
what, if anything, happened.
Now, the possible suspects
are Vandenberg Air Force base,
which does do missile launches.
They say it wasn't them.
Point Mugu Naval
Air Station, closer
in to Los Angeles, which
also does missile testing,
it wasn't them.
So who else could it have been?
A Navy ship, a Navy submarine,
a private contractor?
We checked with
the FAA, and they
say for there to be a
private commercial launch,
there has to be
a license issued.
And no license was
issued last night.
>> The Russia Today, RT, Network
represents a spokesperson
for the Russian government at
international level presented
the following report where even
Russian experts consider that
it was a missile.
>> A lot of people are not
buying that information.
Now, most of us
have seen the video
by now of this huge
condensation trail going
after what looks like a
missile or some sort of rocket.
Now, we've talked to a
lot of military experts
who have weighed in on this.
Some of them say
that it could have
been a missile that was
fired off accidentally
by the US military.
Some say that it was just
some sort of fighter jet.
And the trail that
it left behind
made it look like a missile.
However, the fact
that the US government
has been hush on this, saying
they don't know what it is
has raised a lot of suspicions
about what this truly is.
Now, we've talked to military
experts from around the world,
including in Russia, who
have weighed in on what
they think might have happened.
>> All experts, I think, agree
that it's the launch some kind
of ballistic missile,
probably under water.
And I think that it's
a great embarrassment
for the American
military to show
with all the billions spent
on the missile defense,
United States basically
is vulnerable to this kind
of unwarranted attacks.
>> There would never be
a convincing explanation
for these images.
According to the Pentagon,
it was a contrail
of a commercial airplane
heading from the ocean
into the United States.
But it never proved it.
Which airplane did it?
Where was it going?
If it had been a
commercial airplane,
it could have been demonstrated
with great precision,
providing the
necessary information
to solve this mystery.
It could be a missile
launched from a submarine,
as some experts suggested.
To what extent would be
the military high command
be willing to accept that
an enemy submarine could
have deployed a missile off
the coast of California?
>> The images captured of
Russian submarines launching
these types of missiles could
seem to demonstrate the wake
and the speed are very similar
to the missiles observed
at the coast of California.
[HORN BLOWING]
[ENGINE]
[WATER LAPPING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Robert Hastings is
undoubtedly the most capable
researcher for conducting an
analysis of the relationship
between the presence of
unidentified flying objects
and the facilities where
nuclear weapons are stored.
>> I've spent nearly 40 years
investigating UFO activity
at nuclear weapons sites
all over the world.
Declassified
government documents
confirm that, for
whatever reason,
UFOs do seem to be very
interested in nuclear weapons
site storage areas, such as
Seal Beach, at missile sites,
at test ranges where we
detonate test bombs in the 1950s
and '60s.
So there is this
uniform interest
on the part of UFOs in
nuclear weapons sites.
>> What are the chances that
these mysterious objects flying
over nuclear facilities
are monitoring them?
>> My opinion, having
interviewed 130 retired
military personnel about nuclear
weapons cases involving UFOs
and declassified
document analysis,
I think that whoever are
aboard these craft have been
monitoring the
nuclear arms race,
both here and in the
former Soviet Union.
My view is that they are
keeping an eye on things.
They are someone
from somewhere else.
And because of the very
dangerous situation
during the Cold
War, when we almost
had a full scale nuclear war
on a number of occasions--
the Cuban Missile Crisis
being the best known example--
I think whoever they are, are
just monitoring very closely
the fact that humans
now have weapons
that can destroy not
only human civilization,
but pollute the
environment of the planet
with radioactivity
for many, many years.
I think they have a concern for
humanity's welfare, in my view.
And I've interviewed ex-Air
Force personnel missile launch
officers who have
said that UFOs hover
over their missiles and
the missiles malfunction.
There are similar reports
in the Soviet Union
that have now become available
to Western journalists
and researchers.
So not only are they
monitoring nuclear weapons
on an ongoing basis,
from time to time,
it appears that they
actually interject themselves
into the situation and
interfere with the functionality
of the weapons.
This has occurred a
number of occasions,
according to my retired
military sources.
>> According to the
Robert Hastings' research,
reports on UFOs on nuclear
bases are quite often.
>> I have uncovered over 100
incidents across a 50-year
period.
I am just barely scratching
the surface, in my opinion.
It's difficult for witnesses
to come forward and talk
about these things.
I think there are many
more cases than the ones
that I've uncovered.
But there are at least
100 that I can point to
over many, many decades.
>> Who are your witnesses?
>> My witnesses include
persons who launched,
would be responsible for
launching nuclear weapons--
nuclear missiles,
nuclear bombers--
launch officers, missile
targeting officers,
missile maintenance
officers, security guards
at nuclear missile sites.
These are persons that the
US government entrusted
with the responsibility
of starting World War III.
If the President of
the United States
had given an order to launch a
nuclear war against the Soviet
Union, the people
that I've interviewed,
the launch officers
in particular,
would have been among
the group of officers
that would have actually
launched nuclear missiles
against the Soviet Union.
So they're very
trustworthy, very reliable,
very psychologically
stable individuals.
The government would not entrust
this grave responsibility
to just anyone.
And yet, over 130
of these people
now, over the years that I've
tracked down and interviewed,
are saying that on
occasion they're
down in the launch control
facility underground.
They get a call from their
guard at ground level
scared, very frightened,
screaming into the phone.
There's a round object hovering
over the missile launch control
facility.
And these officers
say, you know, they're
about to ask these guards
what have you been drinking.
They doubt what
they're being told.
But before they can get the
words out of their mouths,
suddenly their missiles
begin malfunctioning.
What the Air Force calls
dropping off alert status.
And military investigators
come in, debrief,
interrogate these individuals.
Swear them to secrecy.
Say you must never
talk about this ever.
And it's decades, 20,
30, 40 years later
before they're
willing to talk to me.
They're so concerned about the
government, the FBI, or someone
from the Pentagon
creating problems for them
because they've come
forward and talked to me.
>> We know that the event
that occurred on December 9,
2009 when that pyramidal
object remained on red square
in Moscow would very possibly
related to the launch
of the Bulava missile
over the White Sea.
And very possibly
it's destruction
that was witnessed by
thousands of people
in the famous Norwegian spiral.
However, what was the reason
why the same large object
was presented on the Pentagon?
By deeply investigating the news
related to December 18 of 2018,
we found one that could
hardly be considered
a coincidence, a news that
undoubtedly means a last piece
of this great puzzle.
That December 18th, the
President of the United States
signed a memorandum officially
creating the United States
Space Command.
It is a unified combat command
of the defense of the United
States.
It was originally
created in September 1985
to coordinate the use and
protection of outer space
by the United
States Armed Forces.
The mission of the
Space Command is
to discourage
aggression and conflict,
as well as to defend the freedom
of action of the United States
and allied countries.
However, several
observers consider
that it is really about
the militarization
of the outer space
of our planet.
The start of a career
that could lead
us to place nuclear
weapons off planet Earth.
This is the document that
President Donald Trump
sent to the
Secretary of Defense,
where he directs the
establishment of the Space
Command as a functional
combat unit in space.
And authorizes its publication
on December 18, 2018.
[APPLAUSE]
While Russian president
Vladimir Putin
warned in a speech
on October 11th
that Russia will respond
to the United States
by creating new
weapons for space,
he considered it very dangerous
to place weapons in near Earth
space.
He said it was
still more dangerous
than intermediate range
missiles in Europe.
This situation, according
to Vladimir Putin,
will worsen global security.
The time will come when weapons
will be placed on countries.
The time for
missiles to hit Earth
will be between five
and eight minutes.
The possibility of an
error is a very feasible,
according to the
Russian president.
>> It is now evident that
the presence of the giant
tetrahedron over the Pentagon
and the Kremlin was a warning
about the extraordinary danger
in which humanity finds itself.
There are no coincidences.
Although very few have
realized what all means,
it is clear that
in a war there is
a presence that tries to avoid
the end of humanity and life
as we know it.
I am Jaime Maussan.
And I will be waiting for you
on our next episode of "Nuevo".
>> Gaia presented, "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
[MUSIC PLAYING]